nowhere has been spared this is what's
left of gaza's Russia Cultural Center
people in Gaza used to flock to its hols
to attend
exhibitions it's now destroyed its holds
unrecognizable gaza's libraries have not
been spared either Israel's bombardments
have destroyed books and documents
dating back decades when we move around
Gaza we feel very angry and very sad as
well uh we can discover now how much
damage has been inflicted on the
infrastructure of the city on the
cultural centers on the in the main
libraries of the city and on the public
the main public yards churches and most
have also been destroyed this is the
Greek Orthodox Church in Gaza before the
war it was the oldest active Church in
the city it was Sheltering hundreds of
people when it was attacked Israeli
strikes have also completely destroyed
more than 50 Ms in Gaza since 7th of
October but the majority of the
destruction has been people's homes with
entire neighborhoods left in Ruins about
60% of gaza's housing units has been
destroyed we have real difficulties to
deal with the rubble and to to
reach a the the the bdes whether they
still alive or or they have been killed
during the war
the and we are talking about thousands
of people according to the uh minist of
health and the the the families the war
on Gaza has come at a tremendous cost
for the Palestinian people and their
most treasured sites Hamza Muhammad Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer